In the last video, we were able to write out some code to fetch, a single to do and print it out at
the terminal.
Now everything works pretty well, but this console log right here is kind of ugly and it's hard to
understand in this kind of object format.
So in this video, I want to pull off the ID title and completed flags and print them out in a nicer
format.
Kind of like a little report of sorts.
So let's try making some changes to our code base.
I'm going to flip back over to my editor and to get started, I'm going to first get a direct reference
to the to do, which is that data property right there.
So I'm going to essentially pull off that data property and assign it to a separate variable again just
to make it easier to work with.
So let's say cons to do is response data.
So now that we've got that to do, we can pull off the ID, the title and completed properties.
I'll assign them to some temporary variables and then we can insert them all into a single string and
console.
Log that string to essentially put together our report.
So I'm going to pull off those three properties we just took a look at.
So I'll say const ID is to do ID.
I'll get the title as to do dot title.
And I'll say, finished.
Is to do not finished like so.
Now, if you're looking at these three lines of code and thinking, Hey, Stephen, you just messed
something up right here, that's totally fine.
Just bear with me for a second.
If you're looking at this code and you don't see anything wrong, that's totally fine as well.
Again, just bear with me for a moment.
So now underneath that, we can start to print out a nice little report here.
So I'll do a console log.
To print out this as a nice little report.
I want to use a multi-line string that is capable of using string templating.
So I want to kind of inject some variables into the string.
To do so.
We can use a template string, just as you might be familiar with from 2015.
So inside, if you are going to put a set of back ticks, remember these are back ticks.
It's the character to the left of the one on your keyboard.
They are not single quotes.
I'm going to turn this into a multi-line string.
And they'll say something like the to do with ID.
A colon and I'll print out the ID.
And I'll just print out the title underneath.
I'll say as a title of.
Dollar sign title.
And I'll print out whether or not it is finished.
So I'll say something like, Is it finished?
And I'll print in the finished variable like so.
All right.
So that's a little bit nicer to read report right there than the plane console console.log that we had
before.
So let's save this file and then attempt to run it at our terminal.
So I'm going to flip back over to my terminal and I'll run the file in one step using Node once again.
So I'll say to Node indexed.
Let's remember, we are feeding in the typescript file here.
We're not making use of the plane JavaScript file anymore.
So I'll run this command.
And sure enough, I end up seeing undefined, undefined, undefined.
What's up with that?
That's kind of unexpected.
We just saw all that data up here correctly a moment ago when we did the console log.
So that means that we must have made a mistake somewhere in here.
So what is going wrong?
Well, let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video.
We're going to make sure it's really clear what's wrong with this program.
And we're going to start to discuss how we can easily use TypeScript to avoid making the error that
we just made inside of here.
So a quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.